Use Case Name: US 01.04.01
Participating Actors: Owner
Goal: Able to edit the status of his parking stall
Trigger: Click on the Object that he owns
Precondition: He owns the object and has a status
Postcondition: Status of his objec is changed
Basic Flow: 1. Owner opens his list of parking stalls that he owns
      	    2. He selects on one of the parking stalls
	    3. The program opens up another intent with the information of 
	       that objects
	    4. He then edits the parking stalls status
	    5. He clicks "save"
	    6. The intent closes
	    7. The status have been changedUse Case Name: US 01.04.01
Exceptiosn: 5.0: His changes are invalid
	    5.1 System notifies user of error


Use Case Name: US 01.05.01
Participating Actors: Owner
Goal: Able to delete the parking stalls
Trigger: Click on the Object that he owns
Precondition: He owns the object and has a status
Postcondition: He no longers owns the parking stalls
Basic Flow: 1. Owner opens up the list of parking stalls he owns.
      	    2. Owner selects the parking stalls he wishes to delete.
	    3. System opens an intent of the parking stall information.
	    4. Owner selects delete.
	    5. Parking stall is deleted, the intent is closed and the owner
	       sees under in the list that it is no longer there.

Use Case Name: US 05.01.01
Participating Actors: User/Borrower
Goal: Able to bid on available things with monetary rate
Trigger: Click on the parking stalls that is available and bid
Precondition: There are avaiable parking stalls
Postcondition: He has bidded on the parking stalls and is displayed
Basic Flow: 1. Able to browse through a list of availabe parking stalls.
      	    2. Select the available stall.
	    3. System opens up the information of that stall as well as owner's
	       information.
	    4. User hit the "bid" button.
	    5. System promps user to enter bid amount
	    6. User hit confirm
	    7. System updates bidding information
Exceptions: 2.0: user did not hit a avaiable item.
	    2.1: systems does nothing.
	    6.0: User does not enter valid numbers (negatives)
	    6.1: User informs user of invalid inputs.

Use Case Name:US 05.02.01
Participating Actors: User/Borrower
Goal: Able to view pending bids each thing with its description, 
      owner username, and my bid.
Trigger: Click on "View your bids"
Precondition: User has a valid account with the app
Postcondition: All items that he has bidded on is displayed with the information
Basic Flow: 1. The user hits the pending bid button
      	    2. The system opens up a new intent
	    3. The systems display each item with all the information
	    4. There is a close button when the user wants to exit
	    5. The user can hit cancel when bid is offered.
      	   
 
